Add libwebsockets as component (#718)
espressif/esp-protocols: components/libwebsockets/CMakeLists.txt

> idf_component_register(REQUIRES esp-tls)

Author: updated to mbedtls

> option(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS "Export libwebsockets CMake targets.  Disable if they conflict with an outer cmake project." OFF)

Author: yes, I tagged you on the last thread where I printed the error message

> option(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS "Export libwebsockets CMake targets.  Disable if they conflict with an outer cmake project." OFF)

Author: solved with Cache, thanks

> option(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS "Export libwebsockets CMake targets.  Disable if they conflict with an outer cmake project." OFF)
> set(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS OFF)
> 
> option(LWS_WITH_MBEDTLS "Use mbedTLS (>=2.0) replacement for OpenSSL." ON)
> set(LWS_WITH_MBEDTLS ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS OFF CACHE BOOL "Export libwebsockets CMake targets.  Disable if they conflict with an outer cmake project.")

set(LWS_WITH_MBEDTLS ON CACHE BOOL "Use mbedTLS (>=2.0) replacement for OpenSSL.")

```

> idf_component_register()

Reviewer: In the documentation you state that mbedtls is required but it is not set as dependency here.

Author: ok, wil add

Author: added

option(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS "Export libwebsockets CMake targets.  Disable if they conflict with an outer cmake project." OFF)
set(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS OFF)

option(LWS_PLAT_FREERTOS "Build for FreeRTOS" ON)
set(LWS_PLAT_FREERTOS ON)

> option(LWS_WITH_MBEDTLS "Build for FreeRTOS" ON)

Reviewer: Copy paste missing update?

Author: fixed, tks

option(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS "Export libwebsockets CMake targets.  Disable if they conflict with an outer cmake project." OFF)
set(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS OFF)

> option(LWS_PLAT_FREERTOS "Build for FreeRTOS" ON)

Author: Ok, will try to remove the option lines

> option(LWS_PLAT_FREERTOS "Build for FreeRTOS" ON)

Author: I tried both cases:
- Simply removing the "option(..)"
- Moved the "sets" to after the "add_subditrectory". 
 
In both cases I get this error:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/25c0f21e-46eb-40ed-807a-3e573d42d6f5)

which is acutally caused by the miss of the first setting 
`set(LWS_WITH_EXPORT_LWSTARGETS OFF)
`

> option(LWS_PLAT_FREERTOS "Build for FreeRTOS" ON)

Author: @euripedesrocha

> option(LWS_PLAT_FREERTOS "Build for FreeRTOS" ON)

Author: solved with Cache, thanks
